Okay, it's the 26th of August 2019 and we're here at Ellen Valley Show and we're talking to...
Martin Atwood.
Martin. Have you been coming here very often?
Yes, for about the last 20 odd years I would say, yes.
And why do you keep coming back?
We just love the area, beautiful scenery, interested in the construction of all the dams.
It always fascinates me and it's just a beautiful area and the wildlife.
Redcoats are amazing, I love to see the redcoats.
Yeah, it's just our first destination of any holiday season so we've bought a static caravan down it.
Good.
Down, down, down, and the best thing we've ever done.
Absolutely love it here.
Thank you very much for that.